The Jerusalem channel is made with the support of you, our viewers.
Thank you for watching.
We're in a season to be giving and receiving gifts.
And I'm excited to announce a newly published book in paperback called, 50 Gifts of the Holy Spirit on Amazon.
And it's available both in print and as an ebook.
The Holy Spirit offers far more than the nine commonly taught gifts of the spirit.
Scriptural reveals a rich array of divine empowerments for everyday life, spiritual growth, and kingdom impact.
In my newly revised second edition, I describe many ways in which the Holy Spirit equips the church, unpacking truths on how God still speaks, heals, and guides today through his word, dreams, visions, and gifts of the Holy Spirit.
In more than 100 pages, I explore at least 50 distinct spiritual gifts
that I've discovered all in the Bible, ranging from prophecy to hospitality.
I attempt to explain why the body of Messiah needs every gift operational to prepare for the Lord's return.
I also tackle the difference between gifts and the fruit of the Spirit, and why both are vital for our mature faith.
I want to encourage you with such good news that the Holy Spirit distributes gifts way beyond our human limitations.
beyond our family background or natural skills.
From administration to mercy, craftsmanship, and discerning of spirits, each expression of the Holy Spirit is a vital tool, freely given by generous God to build up the living church.
Fifty gifts of the Holy Spirit should be available by time this broadcast is released, and it's a greatly expanded version of my first edition.
I believe this book is vital to dealing with our times
because Bible prophecy can be better understood if the gifts of the Holy Spirit are alive in our lives, gifting such as the discerning of spirits so vital in a world of increasing deception.
The gifts of the Holy Spirit can be likened to all the various tools in a tool chest.
When the Holy Spirit resides within us, all his manifold gifts are potentially resonant within us.
A friend wrote to me that this book transformed his thinking
and was a real blessing for himself and family.
So wherever you are in the world, you can order 50 gifts of the Holy Spirit by searching for that title under the books by Christine Darg, available at Amazon.
There's a new stunning prophetic event for shadowing certain Bible prophecies.
President Trump's 10-liter board of peace.
In this Bible prophecy update, we're going to look at this development and we'll also review the second edition of my handbook,
on the gifts of the Holy Spirit.
The title is 50 Gifts of the Holy Spirit, and I truly take a unique look at this topic.
Shalom, I'm Christine Darg.
The New Testament predicts that in the last days there will be a great cry for peace and safety
followed by sudden destruction.
In fact, in 1 Thessalonians 5-3, the Apostle Paul warned that a false sense of security will precede unexpected calamities like labor pains coming on a pregnant woman.
And there's going to be no escape for those who are unprepared.
It's a key prophecy about the day of the Lord.
A period of stability will catch people off guard.
According to Prophecy News Watch, there are moments when global events suddenly shift from ordinary news to prophetic events foretold in Scripture.
Christians who understand the significance of Israel are watching President Trump forming a board of peace of 10 international leaders from Arab and Western nations, and they will collectively oversee reconstruction in Gaza and the broader Mid-East peace framework.
10 leaders, 10 seats of authority, 10 influencers shaping a new order over an area in the prophetically central nation of Israel.
Both chapters Daniel 9 and Revelation 17 describe an end-time coalition of 10 rulers who will share authority.
Never in modern geopolitics have we seen an international decision-making body composed of 10 individuals tasked with guiding peace and governance in Israel's vicinity.
Even if this is not that exact moment in Bible prophecy, nevertheless, the formation of a 10-member peace authority undeniably foreshadows Bible prophecies.
A multinational authority that will claim stewardship over Israel's peace negotiations, but this shared authority will weaken Israel's national sovereignty.
And indeed, the book of Revelation describes 10 kings or leaders who give their power over into a collective structure.
nation-surrending decision-making power to a centralized unified board.
Bible scholars and students of eschatology have long said the world will see power structures, alliances, and preparations prior to the rise of antichrist.
So we could be witnessing the earliest version of a system that future leaders could eventually expand.
Of course, this structure could collapse or change very quickly.
But Trump's board of peace is a definite harbinger of prophetic things to come.
At this point in time, all we can guarantee is that God's word will eventually come to pass.
Eventually Bible prophecy requires a dominant leader who will arise out of 10 others.
Furthermore, the book of Daniel's prophecy in Daniel 927 hinges on a very specific covenant of seven years.
So keep your ears open and an eye out for specific timeframe proposals in seven-year periods if and when this so-called peace board starts to make decisions.
Beneath the 10-liter board of peace will be a smaller elite group of managing daily operations.
Among them is a globalist statesman with longstanding mid-east ambitions.
That's former U.K. Prime Minister Tony Blair
who has spent nearly two decades positioning himself as a mediator in the Middle East.
Tony Blair believes global challenges require global structures.
Other key players are Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, and his business friend, Steve Whitkov.
The challenge is enormous, and many Palestinians still express loyalty to the violent group Hamas, even after witnessing the devastation that Hamas brought upon the region.
The world is pushing forward with this peace framework despite the fact that Hamas continues its armed resistance to pursue Israel's destruction.
All of this reflects the biblical pattern of peace and safety declarations before a big spiritual storm.
This so-called peace board may not be prophecy fulfilled, but it may be prophecy rehearsed.
According to the Prophecy News Watch article, this coalition is something no student of scripture can ignore.
It's not the final structure, but it may be the early outline for believers and prophecy watchers.
This is a moment to watch with wisdom.
For non-believers, it's also a matter to consider if ancient Bible prophecies are indeed unfolding.
Now, I want to turn to another subject in this episode, and it's about the recently updated second edition of my book, 50 Gifts of the Holy Spirit.
It's available at Amazon, either as a print copy or as an ebook.
The Holy Spirit offers far more than the nine commonly taught gifts of the Spirit.
Scripture reveals a rich array of divine empowerment for everyday life, spiritual growth, and kingdom impact.
In my newly revised edition, I describe many ways in which the Holy Spirit equips the Church, unpacking truths on how God still speaks today through His Word, dreams, visions, and fresh revelations.
In more than 100 pages, I do a biblical exploration of at least 50 distinct spiritual gifts ranging from prophecy to hospitality.
I attempt to explain why the body of Messiah needs every gift to be activated to prepare for the Lord's return.
I also tackle the difference between gifts and fruit and why both are vital for mature faith.
The Holy Spirit distributes gifts beyond human limitations, beyond family background,
or our natural skills.
From administration to mercy, craftsmanship and discerning of spirits, each expression of the Holy Spirit gift is a vital tool freely given by a very generous God to build up the living church.
The gifts the Spirit has prepared for you are irrevocable.
They're yours to walk in forever.
The book should be available by time this broadcast is released and it's a greatly expanded version of my first edition.
I believe this book is vital to deal with our times because Bible prophecy can be better understood if the Holy Spirit gifts are operating in our lives, gifting such as the discerning of spirits so vital in a world of increasing deception.
Our generation is obsessed with the occult with AI and alternative methods of guidance, but God wants us to seek his face through prayer, fasting and study of his word.
Jesus said, my sheep know my voice.
And so the Lord will communicate with us to give us warnings, direction and glimpses into the future by a dream, a vision, by the Word of God or by direct revelation.
Or simply I would say just through our daily reading of this Bible.
It's so important to have a daily reading plan such as a 365 day Bible.
In my newly expanded book, I discuss the various ways that the Lord speaks to us and uses us in His gifts of the Holy Spirit.
I received some good feedback from the first edition.
A man in Lancashire, England, wrote that it was a wonderful blessing to receive 50 gifts of the spirit.
Thank you so much, you said.
This book is really minister to me and given me a deeper understanding of our Heavenly Father and the wonderful gifts with which he blesses us.
Your book has been a real revelation and a great encouragement to me.
Most Bible teachers expound only nine gifts of the Spirit mentioned by the Apostle Paul in 1 Corinthians 12.
But I've discovered throughout the Bible at least 50 gifts of the Spirit.
And I don't claim my list is exhausted.
Paul mentioned only nine in 1 Corinthians 12 because he specifically was addressing problems in expressing and using those specific gifts.
So Paul's list is in no way exhaustive.
Let's look at the subject this way.
Inside a typical toolbox, there's a great variety of tools to get jobs done.
The gifts of the Holy Spirit can be likened to all the various tools in a tool chest.
And when the Holy Spirit resides within us, all of His manifold gifts are potentially resident also within us.
As help is needed and as we yield to the Holy Spirit, the Lord can supply any of His gifts through us at any time, whether it's a healing or a miracle or a word of knowledge.
We should believe that all the gifts of the Holy Spirit are potentially available 24-7.
We should also believe that the Lord honors our faith at all times.
The Apostle Paul expressed this as an ardent desire in 1 Corinthians 1-7.
He wrote that He didn't want us to come behind in any gift and eagerly as we await the revelation of our Lord Jesus, His Second Coming.
Since God has made abundant provision in the gifts of the Holy Spirit,
We should not experience a deficit in spiritual gifts as we eagerly prepare for the Lord's Second Coming.
The body of Messiah will need every gift of the Spirit to help us to bring in the last great harvest of souls.
Charismana are the spiritual graces and gifts mentioned in the Greek New Testament, and that's why gifted believers are often called charismatic.
The gifts of the Holy Spirit are given according to God's will and not according to our skills.
And I've got good news for you.
The gifts of the Holy Spirit are new abilities, supernaturally imparted to us, that can bypass our genes, our DNA, and our natural proclivities.
The Lord's Charismata are gifts to be activated, not laid dormant.
Let's be determined to discover and to use these gifts of the Holy Spirit as they are imparted to us.
The purposes of the gifts of the Spirit are explained in Ephesians chapter 4, verses 12 to 13,
for the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for edification of the body Messiah, until we all come in the unity of the faith and of the knowledge of the Son of God, up into a perfect man unto the measure of the full stature of Messiah, that we henceforth be no more children."
Well, these verses explain the role of the gifts of the Spirit to foster growth and maturity within the Church.
These gifts are not intended for personal acclaim,
but for equipping all believers to engage in ministry across all aspects of life.
The gifts enable the church to operate as a unified living organism empowered by the Holy Spirit.
The gifts of the Holy Spirit serve to perfect or mature us, preparing us for the work of the ministry which involves serving others and advancing God's kingdom while also edifying and building up the body of Messiah through mutual encouragement and spiritual development.
Leaders must train and mobilize congregations, ensuring that every member contributes to the church's mission, rather than relying solely on the clerical elite.
The gifts of the Holy Spirit help believers to move on from spiritual infancy to being more Christ-like.
Paul's vision is eschatological.
He said, the more mature we become, the more the bride of Messiah will be ready for the Lord's return.
Now an important point I make in the book is that the gifts of God are potentially infinite because God cannot be limited.
Romans 12 verses 68 names seven specific gifts, prophecy, service, teaching, exhortation, giving, leadership and mercy.
The best known passage about gifts is found in 1 Corinthians 12 describing nine gifts that are most often taught by Bible teachers in three categories.
But toward the end of the chapter, Paul summarizes the gifts adding up to 15 altogether in this particular passage.
Various renditions give the best sense of the meanings of these 15 gifts as first a message of wisdom.
Secondly, the power to speak a word of knowledge.
Thirdly, wonder-working faith.
Number four, extraordinary powers of healing.
Five, the working of miracles.
Six, prophecy.
Seven to another, the ability to discern.
and distinguish between the utterances of true spirits and false spirits.
Number eight, various kinds of unknown tongues, languages, prayer tongues.
Number nine, the ability to interpret these tongues.
And then ten, apostles or special messengers of God.
Eleventh gift, prophets, twelve teachers, thirteen, wonder workers, fourteen helpers, and fifteen, administration.
Again, I want to emphasize, I don't believe this is an all inclusive or an exclusive list.
Some Bible teachers explain that in this chapter, Paul was only addressing the neglected, misunderstood or abused gifts.
Now, over in Ephesians chapter four, we see listed what's popularly called the five-fold ministry offices.
These are gifts to the body of Messiah, apostles, prophets, evangelists, pastors and teachers.
On the other hand, in first Peter 4, Peter wrote
As each of you has received a gift, employ it for one another, whoever speaks, let him do it as one who utters ordinances of God.
Then he also added, whoever renders service, let him do it as with the strength which God furnishes abundantly.
Many believers ask, well, how many gifts can believers have or manifest?
According to 1 Corinthians 1211, the Holy Spirit distributes gifts severally to every believer
as the Holy Spirit wills.
All believers are included and none is excluded.
That means you should have and can have and believe for at least several gifts.
At his own initiative, God through the Holy Spirit selects, decides, and freely bestows these gifts in an unmerited manner.
It's often been said that saving grace is level ground because salvation through Messiah is the same for everyone.
But serving grace differs among believers.
The phrase saving grace on level ground means that every single person who's saved is saved through faith alone in the finished work of Jesus of Messiah, not because of any personal merit or status.
Whether you're a lifelong devout religious person or whether you're a murderer, whether you're a child, a prostitute, a wealthy person or a poor widow, the ground at the foot of the cross is absolutely level.
We're all the same sinners.
And everyone is saved only because God's grace covers our sin completely when we believe in Christ's blood, death, and resurrection.
Saving grace makes all believers equal in God's sight.
There's no hierarchy and no favoritism.
However, serving grace refers to the different gifts, roles, capacities, and ministries that the Holy Spirit sovereignly distributes among believers after we're born again.
You see, once we're saved, God does not give every Christian the same spiritual gifts, the same opportunities or responsibilities.
He doesn't give the same measure of enabling grace for service.
One believer may receive extraordinary grace to teach, another to show mercy, another to lead, and another to suffer faithfully as a martyr, to another may be given the grace of generosity and so forth.
These different graces create variety and beauty in the body of Messiah.
but they don't create different classes of salvation or levels of worth before God.
So in short to explain, saving grace is the same for all believers, requiring our total dependence on the Savior, but serving grace is uniquely given to each believer for our particular callings and vocations.
All of us stand equally, saved by the same Savior, but we don't all run the race with the same assignments or the same measure of gifted grace to fulfill our destinies.
I'd also like to point out that spiritual gifts are not the fruit of the Spirit.
Paul reminds us in 1 Corinthians 12, 7 that the manifestation of the Spirit is given to every believer for good and for spiritual benefit.
Gifts operated in love bring spiritual profit, but not necessarily financial profit.
Spiritual gifts are not bestowed for self-gain.
Galatians 5 lists 9 fruit of the Spirit.
Love, joy,
peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness, and self-control.
These fruit of the Spirit all speak of our character.
The gifts of the Spirit speak of our actions.
Love is the fruit of the Spirit, but unfortunately, gifts can be operated without love.
They can even be operated out of envy and strife.
Sometimes people demand or take back their gifts, or they may try to give us gifts with strings attached.
But God is much more gracious.
His gifts are for a lifetime.
In fact, Romans 1129 gives us the assurance that the gifts and calling of God are without repentance.
They're irrevocable.
By the way, even though that verse is often quoted to assure believers of the faithfulness of God in gift giving, never forget or overlook the fact that Paul was speaking primarily of Israel's call by God that it is irrevocable.
He will fulfill every promise he's ever made to Israel.
Amen.
Now there are various categories of gifts in the Bible.
There are the power gifts including faith, healings, plural, miracles, plural, wonder workers, casting out demons, the ability to perform exorcisms.
Then there are the gifts of divine revelation.
These are the word of knowledge, word of wisdom, discerning of spirits.
In these gifts, God reveals information supernaturally.
Every prophet in the Bible operated in these gifts of divine revelation
and prophets who live today also possess revelatory gifts.
Then there's the important category of the serving gifts, administration, governments, helps, giving, mercy, hospitality, culinary, cleaning, and other general services.
The vital speaking gifts include evangelism, teaching, prophecy, public tongues, tongues interpretation, exhortation, the ministry of revivalists and itinerant preachers.
The sign gifts demonstrate God's power and that Jesus is alive.
These include healings, miracles, tongues, signs and wonders.
Now, for a moment, I'd like to zero in on the gift of healings, an area where I've spent a great deal of time in my ministry by the grace of God.
This gifting requires not only faith, but patience and a lot of effort to teach.
We must believe that God heals, but also recognize the fact that Satan relentlessly tax us in a fallen world.
Jesus died to deliver us from sin and sickness, but many Christians have been taught that, for example, Paul had some kind of malady that impaired his vision.
But that's not what the Bible teaches.
When you actually read scripture in context, Paul tells us exactly what his thorn was in 2 Corinthians 12, 7.
He wrote, there was given to me a thorn in the flesh, a messenger of Satan to buffet me.
He literally wrote the Greek word angelos, the same word used for angels.
So this was a demon, a fallen angel that stirred up persecution wherever Paul went.
A thorn in the flesh is a biblical idiom for enemies.
When Paul asked God to remove this demonic harassment, God wanted to keep his servant humble due to the abundance of the revelation he was given him.
So the Lord answered, my grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness.
God never promised we would be free from persecution, but He did promise healing, saying that we will lay hands on the sick and the sick shall recover.
Honest Bible scholars say it's very clear that Paul's thorn was not sickness, but persecution goaded by a demonic messenger.
This clarification matters because so many believers have been taught to accept sickness as God's will.
On another related topic concerning the gifts of the Holy Spirit,
is infinitely fascinating to me that the same gift can differ dramatically in its style of operation from person to person.
In 1 Corinthians 12 verses 4 to 7 Paul explained that there are distinctive varieties of gifts and they vary but the Holy Spirit remains the same and he said there are distinctive varieties of service but it's the same Lord who was served and there are distinctive varieties of operation to accomplish things for God
but it's the same God who inspires and energizes all of the gifts.
For example, it may have cost the legendary evangelist Billy Graham and Reinhardt Bakka millions of dollars annually to run their organizations while the annual budget of another evangelist might be a quarter of a million dollars or less.
My point is the gift of evangelism is the same, but the administrations are magnitude are not the same or the style is not the same of the preacher.
No matter what size or magnitude of the ministry's operation, the Lord is the same Lord.
Paul continually emphasized variety because every ministry is different.
We're not clones of one another.
A gifted message may be preached, written, dramatized, danced, painted, sung, or even prophesied on a musical instrument.
More than the gifts, let's celebrate the giver of the gifts in his infinite variety and ways.
demonstrating division and understanding in the body of Messiah.
The other day I heard a strong true believer nevertheless be moaning the fact that some believers he said face today's problems by only wanting to escape in the rapture rather than working for revival.
My answer is that we must work for revival while also watching for the rapture.
It's not an either or situation but we must be doing both occupying and working until Jesus comes and faithfully watching for him to come.
Remember
Once we're saved, God doesn't give every Christian the same spiritual gifts, opportunities, responsibilities, or measure of enabling grace for service.
All believers have our place on the wall and our individual assignments from the Lord.
The Lord gives each one of us according to our God given assignments on the wall.
Some believers have been inspired to be a watchman.
I applaud consistent watching for the Lord while never falling into the trap of date setting.
No one knows the day or hour of the Lord's return.
However, a convergence of biblical signs and timelines suggests that His coming is near.
We live in prophetic end times.
When people are surprised or angry, they shout the name of the Lord Jesus.
Why don't they take Buddhas or Muhammad's name in vain?
But devil's blaspheme true deity.
Artificial intelligence is bringing about such deception that soon on the internet,
And all media, it will be very difficult to separate deep fake from reality.
To escape the judgment reserved for a God-rejecting world, we must know Jesus as Lord and Savior.
If you have not done so, I'm inviting you to call in His name and believe that He is the Son of God who died for our sins and rose from the dead, and the Bible promises you shall be saved.
So no matter how chaotic and dangerous the world is becoming, the question is,
Are we really ready for the soon-sudden appearing of the Lord?
The Bible says, believe in the Lord Jesus Messiah, and you will be saved.
Amen.
Meanwhile, we'd love to hear from you on social media or through our free Jerusalem channel, Mobile App.
Please follow my articles at substack.com and all of our videos at our Jerusalem channel, YouTube platform, as well as our website, exports.tv, where you have the opportunity to support our work financially.
Finally, we invite you to sign up for our weekly email alert called exploits based upon Daniel 1132 declaring that people who know they're God will be strong not weak and will accomplish biblical exploits.
The works of the Lord in the remaining time before His imminent return.
You can sign up for that alert at our website.
Meanwhile, let's keep contending for the faith and praying prophetically for the peace of Jerusalem.
I'm Christine Darg, Shalom and Maranatha.